Hello everyone for the product test of
today a sauce ready and precisely sauce
fresh from john rana is a novelty that
that's what i got it
they have n't even made one yet
advertising but I found it in the pews
fridge will be advertising or not
actually I'm not crazy about sauces
ready however this here how well you don't
fresh juice
so I thought I'd try it for you
because anyway it intrigued me how
I always go and read a little
ingredients let's see a little bit inside
what i got the one with mushrooms
porcini which contains cream mushrooms
champignon porcini mushrooms onion water
sunflower oil butter wine
white grated cheese starch of
corn natural flavorings parsley salt
skimmed milk oil yeast extract
in powder
these are all of them here
ingredients that seem to me sincerely
I can't find any good ingredients
especially let's say reason always
please report me below if found
something wrong you know I don't
these things are prepared together
interesting thing is that inside
of writing we also find some
allergens because there is written product
in the establishment that also uses
nuts celery gluten eggs
then shellfish and shellfish
however let's face the truth they protect themselves
a little weight written apart from that
I also find the fact that very nice
have put recipes to power
with these dreams that you can find on
site that is shown above and
I recommend to use this
sauce also for hasty risotto e
scaloppine I will use it for pasta
in it was such that it could taste well
the taste and I just have to go to
prepare here says to use it so you can
heat the sauce directly in the pan
or microwave for about a minute
removing the aluminum cover
obviously if we put it in the microwave
but I heat it in the pan is
I'm just going to open it to show you
first of all then it has a smell
quite intense of porcini mushrooms
which I would not have sincerely believed
and I don't know if so you take a teaspoon
to make you see a little bit better
certainly the cutting of the mushrooms is not
great
look, there are little pieces
quite small we certainly don't find the
pezzoni di funghi here is this
size of the biggest mushroom I have
found inside mostly are
but for the moment it smashed the smell
it looks like we just have to go to
try it after taking the pasta there
I put only and I go to give a birth
Latin that in such a way as to do
mix the sauce well with the pasta
I find it a bit liquid so I will try
to let it dry a little before
speak to serve it within the
flat however the whole is an operation
very fast and just the time of
cooking pasta
after stir for 20 his
pasta ready to taste we give
a little
It tastes good mushroom flavor
enough where freed is not heard
excessively in garlic onion
in short, I like the only fact that
I find that the amount of sauce is
enough for 2 3 servings of pasta not
it's a lot so if you are lovers like
me of a well seasoned dish if you are
four for example you will have to buy two
packs we are going to give a little bit of
votes now
first of all for what concerns the
quality price
I paid for a container of course
as i told you it's good for me 2 3
portions of pasta
I paid two euros and 49 that sincerely
being a porcini mushroom sauce
I find it a price more than
acceptable and honest so for the
quality price I would give an 8 for what
concerns the preparation time
fast to prepare his would
required cooking the mushrooms
sauce preparation and all the rest
so for that a 10 really
excellent vote for what concerns
the appearance I'm not very happy with
fact that mushrooms are alas very much
I would have wanted some chopped up
mushroom a little bigger
inside then for that from one
enough then my general vote
for this frog product is a
half past seven
I'm especially happy considering the
fact that I am not
notes of ready sauces is a product that
I think you could try it also in
other tastes if you try others
tastes let me know
a kiss to all and see you on Saturday
next with the new media review
or Tuesday with the recipe
bye Bye